1053: add link to openrpc document (#23)
etclabscore/ECIPs: ECIPs/ECIP-1053.md

![openrpc-spec-structure](https://github.com/open-rpc/design/raw/master/diagrams/structure/OpenRPC_structure.png)

> The OpenRPC Document that implements all the methods from [EIP #1474](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1474) and [EIP #1436](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/1436) and `getRawTransaction*` can be found in [assets/ecip-1053/openrpc.json](assets/ecip-1053/openrpc.json).

Author: ```suggestion
The OpenRPC Document that specifies all the methods an EVM-based blockchain should implement can be found [here](https://github.com/etclabscore/ethereum-json-rpc-specification).
```
